[Music]
you know at any given moment there are
about 10,000 planes in the air carrying
over a million passengers around the
world I'm sure most of those people are
up there to travel bigger distances in a
shorter time because well that's what
planes are for right so why would anyone
take the world's shortest commercial
flight with a mere 1.7 mile long route
well okay here's the lowdown first of
all this flight is operated by Logan Air
which is pretty much Scotland's main
airline now imagine you need to get from
the island of Westray to the island of
Papa Westray in the Orkney archipelago
that's in the northern Isles of Scotland
you ask the locals how do you get from
one island to the other the fastest and
they'll tell you hey just take a plane
wait what but it's only 1.7 miles to
your destination right and your time
onboard will be just as shockingly short
as 57 seconds well that's the record
time planes reach when the wind is
favorable if not you might have to
endure a whole two minutes if you
include taxiing time all right
the inconvenience of a one-minute
prolonged flight because of weather
aside you're all for it
so now what get your wallet out and be
ready to pay about 50 bucks for a
round-trip when it's time to board
you'll approach a small plane out on the
tarmac
it's a britten-norman Islander a light
regional aircraft with eight seats you
climb into the plane and take a window
seat and that's when you realize that if
the flight lasts for about a minute they
probably won't have time to serve lunch
or even drinks for that matter
oh that growling coming of yours will
have to wait I guess you can't expect
much for 50 bucks and a route that's no
longer than a typical runway at the
Edinburgh Airport by the way traveling
by a britten-norman Islander is more or
less green at least in comparison to
other planes see for yourself when a
Boeing 747 simply taxis before takeoff
it already burns 1.6 tons of fuel if we
talk about the whole route from Westray
de Papa Westray the plane uses a mirror
two pounds of fuel yeah for the entire
trip which comes to approximately twenty
bucks but back to your trip your plane
makes a few turns on the tarmac to get
to the runway you feel the craft
accelerate momentarily and bam you're
already in the air admittedly the plane
doesn't go too high into the air as it
flies over the water and the next thing
you know you're landing congratulations
your trip is over I hope you had a nice
flight you leave the aircraft happy and
impressed and here's a surprise for you
as one of those who made this trip for
the first time in their life you get a
special certificate it's got your name
on it and says you've flown on the
world's shortest scheduled flight
between the islands of Westray and Papa
West Ray has authenticated by Guinness
World Records Yahoo but even if there
were no tourists eager to take the
world's shortest flight the route
between the two islands would still be
incredibly popular local teachers
doctors bankers and other Islanders used
this service on a regular basis
amazingly the Orkney inner aisles air
service has already transported more
than 1 million passengers logan air
opened this route in 1967 and celebrated
its 50th anniversary in 2017 the company
treasures this rib saying it's a
world-famous jewel of their network it
connects the Orkney mainland with all of
its six outer islands north ronald say
sandy stronsay --day and of course the
ones you already know by now Westray and
papa west iraq oh by the way the
airlines flight attendants wear that
iconic tartan or Scottish plaid as you
may call it some planes have this
pattern on their tails and you may
sometimes notice some partner elements
of decor inside the cabin like on the
headrests but logan air isn't the only
airline that provides its passengers
with an unusual experience on the other
end of the flight time spectrum
Singapore Airlines launched the longest
nonstop flight in the world in October
2018 the alter long-range plane covers a
mind-blowing 9700
when it travels from Singapore Changi
Airport to New York interestingly enough
there's no economy class on this flight
and instead of 253 passengers only 94
Premium Economy and 67 business class
passengers board the plane the trip
takes about 19 hours depending on
weather conditions and if you ever get a
chance be sure to check out South
African base budget-friendly Kalulu
Airlines this company has become famous
thanks to its planes bright green and
often hilarious paint jobs for example
they're flying 101 jet is covered with
descriptions of the aircraft's different
parts and funny phrases along the lines
of this way up as for the cabin crew
members they greet passengers with witty
remarks and jokes on top of that if you
travel with this airline be ready for
such instructions as please remain in
your seats with your seat belt fastened
while the captain is taxing what's left
of our plane to the gate and despite
such a humorous light-hearted attitude
to air travel the airline has an
impressive safety record now are you a
fan of Hello Kitty then you'll love the
Taiwanese airline AVA air that's taken
the fandom to an absolutely different
level several of this company's aircraft
are decorated in Hello Kitty style with
every single detail reminding you of
this adorable cartoon cat first of all
Hello Kitty characters are painted all
over the planes exterior but you'll also
find them inside on headrest covers
menus utensils and even the toilet paper
the newest addition to the airlines
fleet is the Hello Kitty shining star
Boeing 777 that travels to Taipei
Singapore and Houston and even though a
ticket is pretty expensive such a bright
flight could be worth the experience if
you chose an Air Malta to fly from
London gateway Airport to Malta then
it'd be your lucky day the thing is that
the company decided to improve the
onboard experience for economy
passengers and they certainly delivered
the airline launched an in-flight spa
service free of charge
to professional masseuses offer
passengers neck feet scalp and hand
massages during the flight you can also
get a manicure in hand treatment and try
some beauty product samples if you like
on top of that a soothing soundtrack
loves people to sleep during the
three-hour flight now if you're looking
for a bit of extreme in your life you
can try blind booking also called
mystery flights by German low-cost
airline euro wings you start by picking
your departure point then choose a
destination category no.not point or
city but a grouping of different ones
for example their shopping Sun and Beach
metropolis party or trekking and hiking
as soon as you complete your booking and
pay for the ticket the airlines website
will inform you where you're heading now
that's exciting but if you're like me
all you want is comfort but you don't
want to pay first-class prices for it
well air New Zealand has got your back
now for real they've introduced their
economy sky couch also known as cuddle
class to help passengers avoid that
debilitating leg and back pain that
comes with flying the trick is that a
seats leg rest can be folded up
horizontally this way when a passenger
does it in a triple seat row the three
seats turn into a flat pretty
comfortable bed for two this feature is
extremely popular among couples and
parents because well you're probably not
gonna snuggle up with a stranger right
still even when you're lazing on a sky
bed you have to wear a special loop belt
that connects with your regular seat
belt in 2011 KLM Royal Dutch Airlines
decided to help its passengers network
during flights the airline partner with
Facebook and together they created an
opportunity for people to see the
LinkedIn and Facebook profiles of other
passengers to choose their flight
neighbor but if you don't want strangers
to see your social media profiles you
can always opt out of having your
accounts connected with your booking
yeah I'll pass that's just creepy so
which of these flights would you like to
try let me know down in the
it's if you learn something new today
then give this video a like it share it
with a friend but don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life